[Music]
all right welcome everyone to chronicles
on tape I am sticky dill Joe and today I
am with Utah as usual but we just Utah
yeah we have no guests because everyone
seems to be too busy these days or
they're just not very good on the
microphone that's all they feel anyways
but always feel like we're not that
great on the mic either and we make it
work we're just we're just guests here
as guests to each other
mm-hm we're highly acclaimed on iTunes
now if you didn't know I know you all
you might be there's a total of six
reviews and they're all five-star review
oh really
yeah so is you your mom your dad your
parents and Nadi's I - now first of all
my dad would listen to my podcast
because he doesn't understand what I'm
saying in English well we you want we
could uh I guess we could just record
two of each like one in Chinese and
English yeah you can you can speak in
Japanese and I'll speak in Chinese and
then we'll just get a worldwide audience
I wouldn't know how it will just
memorize it
yeah we'll record one and it will read
the script in our language native tongue
yeah we'll use a translating the thing
on Google or no we'll have a script so
we'll know exactly what to say I don't
even know if I can speak that much
Chinese so I don't think that's possible
I can't say a lot of car things in
Chinese I don't know what the words are
for them so no in Japanese is very
simple yeah I'm sure you understand more
of that no no that means very simple
because for example say like what do you
want like name a car park a catalytic
converter that was a little different
because catalytic converter becomes a
catalyzer yeah a catalyzer
but like say like a boost controller is
just boost Oakland total or I'll come
when they say transmission is just
mission Michonne yeah is that the
literal translation or is it just
whether they adapted from English
language have you ever heard of Japanese
posted trans know think about difficult
that would be so to just decide to show
it on there nowadays it's Torrance
mission but this is a translate does
literally Ronnie Shawn but then they
just a mission differ diff yeah yeah
well yeah they're just little English
resolution what were the words before I
think email or America already existed
when you kind of started making cars no
they never had that's true mmm-hmm they
never had to come up with the words
themselves yeah anyways yeah I don't
know the podcasts are doing pretty well
I just wish we had more time to do more
of them video yeah but we're we like to
watch movies to kind of come up with
cool topics that are not dramatic or
causing a stir I mean actually causing a
stir is kind of fun so that's what makes
the podcast interesting I think so
have you been causing a stir have some
people tell me but I don't know for
cousin hamster but yeah you been
receiving passive-aggressive messages on
Instagram yeah both both in person and
in comments way about what I don't know
you know what about David having too
nice of a voice yeah david hasn't
soothing voice I wish she was around but
then he has kids and a wife and stuff so
where is he he's at home I asked him
yesterday I was like hey are you busy
and all he said was yes dig hello
maybe his kids were like fighting or
something he's like you just can't right
now
yeah we should just go podcast at his
house that's a horrible yeah kids on
there too yeah and then you can hear his
kids calling him David wait do they call
his wife y-yeah yeah they call her mom
Jackee sometimes really yeah because I
mean that's that's how they learned they
just hear them talking to each other you
know so yeah it's a good thing they
don't say worse things about each other
they probably do yeah anyways yeah the
podcasts have been pretty well received
I guess from industry people like we got
JC from work wheels when he came over
here to visit he told us that he listens
to the podcast like when he's riding the
train to work and stuff so that's pretty
cool you know it's funny is that we've
already covered that topic on a previous
podcast yeah I just like bringing up
JC's name cuz he's a nice guy he's a
very nice he's really
looking to yeah who else listens to the
podcast I don't know people have been
listening so I figure we should do more
but now that the winter season is coming
up and there's less things to do we
might have some time to sit down and do
stuff like this so yeah I guess Kevin
actually wanted us to bring some mics to
Houston so we could podcast down there
but then I don't know if he meant for
John's podcast or for my podcast so even
though Ken's supposes he's supposed to
be on this podcast regularly but he's
too busy dating and being happy and
stuff so he's never around anymore where
is he right now he's in San Francisco I
think he's gonna be he's in the bay with
DES that's how I saw that's what his
lady said no yeah wait hold on hold on
so you guys have like a group chat right
mmm something yeah I don't look at his
girlfriend is on the group chat no no
she posted on Instagram that she was
back in the bay with Bay so I was like
yeah yeah no she's not y'all have a
group shot going on I'm not invited but
Ken's girlfriend is I mean you're are
you not a part of the week that's tough
so is she she's not in the group chat we
already said yeah I know I'm not by any
means part of anything yeah so yeah but
yeah what happened since the last
podcast let's see I went to Australia
yeah and then we had year 9 yeah what we
hold on last the wot spouse podcast was
before your 9:00
yeah dude because I went to Australia
before year nine really yeah it was
Australia you're nine and then SEMA and
then the VIP festival and now here we
are holy Sh yeah yeah we probably could
have squeezed in some podcasts here and
there but there's just way too many
Japanese people around and there's a
part of me that wanted to have yah see
want but then I'll just like I don't
know what y'all see we talk about he's
not gonna say anything
yeah he was just laughs and then I would
just be weird no guy yeah I'll
just be angry and say some II
shouldn't say yeah yeah and we already
have enough of that it's like
everybody who's not from Osaka yeah see
you can't say that like nah all of
them just talking about how cars look
stupid and stuff and he's like oh that
cars very nice
but yeah yeah she's been around for like
three weeks and then in that course of
time everyone like literally I got back
from Australia and then yeah C was
already here because he came back the
same day he came to from Japan the same
the I got back from Australia so he's
been around ever since then and then he
just barely left and then I don't know
if you guys know this but yeah sue has a
car over here he has it like a lexus GS
and then we just kind of keep it here
and then i kind of drive it around a lot
and then i think i feel like people need
to know this yes yes whoo and I went to
house on his GS right yeah yeah I pay
for registration I pay for insurance the
also drives one is here when he's here
but otherwise it's Joey's daily driver
and we don't even know where it is right
now they think our didn't go somewhere
yeah he he left an hour ago
so if you see the car please wait
where's the key who was the key so I'm
trying to figure out he told me to go
pick up the car but he didn't specify
where the car was where the key was and
and then all he said was that he was
going back to Japan and then he didn't
tell me where anything was
I have 10 bucks on the key and the car
are both a try wire hopefully it is
because it was not and you know we'll
just we'll just forget about it
yeah I don't know dude we'll get the car
back I want those wheels back look at
the car some yeah we can get it back
sometime this week I'm sure I just need
to get done according grove but what if
it's not our right wire whatever you
look for it and we'll just go eat some
fun and leave okay we'll ask y'all see
where it is you know where it is oh yeah
no one's gonna steal the thing
if they're gonna steal they're gonna
bring it back because it rides like
so I've never seen a just squeak like
that yeah well we have quote okay so
I've had coil erisa that car here for
like nine months no yeah but uh-oh the
clovers are here oh wait yeah cuz you
were supposed to put that on yeah
but like I didn't want to put him on for
it cuz you started daily driving in and
I was like Joey probably doesn't want to
deal with this and then he also comes
here and he like drives
he puts like five thousand miles on it
every time and I don't want to
replace coilover the whole damn time
from him like four wheels you know he's
gonna crack some wheel
cuz every year he comes he drives to
Vegas and then he drives to Willow and
everywhere
yeah every time every time he is like he
manages to break something so I don't
wanna exponentially add to the list of
broken parts due to Yasu yeah dude no
after he started driving this town route
it started squeaking like crazy so I
don't
but it's definitely squeaking like just
going straight by the end of the arrow
put the coilovers on yeah oh yeah and
then you know how you we didn't tell
them that somebody hit the car yeah you
trying to blame me
he was just like why did you up the
door and I was like how well do you
really want to know why he thought it
was you
why could you keep breaking all the
other cars that heat that in Japan I
mean that's different that's in Japan I
wrote one car crash Civic going to get
donuts yeah that's obvious though
because I hit the front how would I go
about hitting the rear door in
the GS you put a dent in the in the L
fart every time just from writing in it
that's just because the roads are too
small in Japan that's not my fault
that's debatable I don't want to debate
it right now no I actually explained to
him I was like oh yeah like God like one
of the neighbor the shop neighbors wives
hit it mm-hmm and I got her insurance if
I'm not gonna I'm just I'm just kind of
cuz like why like I don't need it I
don't need a fix right now
what does me absolutely ask me oh maybe
he asked me first before you talk to you
about it yeah cuz I don't think I talked
to y'all's like the first week he was
here yeah yeah no I did I don't know did
you or did you no I don't remember when
the hell did he get here
you got here when I got back from
Australia when was that Thursday was it
a Thursday
yeah was a Thursday it was before year
nine it was a week before year nine it's
like a week in two days yeah yeah I was
probably pretty busy yeah because you
were working on oh you built the entire
back half of the shop oh yeah oh
yeah so check this out Wow
well while Joey was gone in Australia I
went on Craigslist found a bunch of
pallet racks for cheap and then I built
a second storey to the shop inside and
the reason why I did it while joy was in
Australia cuz I thought he would he
would be concerned about the well
probably not so much for my safety but
me like breaking the shop while you like
you know if he was if you saw what I was
doing so I just did it in secret and it
turned out okay nothing broke everybody
survives so no harm no foul yeah now we
have a car on top
rack of stuff that pipes shouldn't have
a car on there but it's fine
now each of those each of those racks is
rated for like 8,000 pounds that car
weighs like 1800 I mean if the clef
is it just gonna collapse on your
so it's fine and your clothes in might
you know the clothes I'm gonna donate
soon anyways I think so are you serious
even maybe they've been in my wave and
then you're gonna donate that was really
I need to donate them because they're
they don't fit me anymore because I got
skinnier and then those are all like
large Chronicle shirts and clothes to
wear so the hello wouldn't fit me no I
gave it to my dad but I think my dad
dresses better than I do now so really
mm-hmm you like where's Jordans and
stuff was crazy man I you know he's like
a swag dad but I thought you said it was
like t-shirts yeah they're like
Chronicles t-shirts but then he's to
work at a clothing factory so every time
I'd give him some clothes you complain
about the quality of it and I was like
that it's not even that bad dude so
that's my dad sounds like something that
way who does that you like give somebody
something and they just like who is
somebody does is like habitually you
give all gifts I'll give something to
this person and he was complaining about
it I think is a he every Asian person
ever
yeah I don't know yeah so I don't I
don't know I guess I could give him that
clothes but I don't know he's gonna do
with it and that's been sitting here for
a while so just watch I only put it here
because when we were moving I was moving
at the same time also so yeah I think
given us Sarah's close to all you're at
it serious clothes are still here yeah
I didn't just bring it home because
I'll just give it to her oh yeah do that
please but she's not home right now so
she's still Hawaii oh that's perfect
just throw them in her room yeah
especially so that you have to deal with
it she's on hiatus right now is she yeah
back in Hawaii cousin her and Tiffany
just got back from their birthday Hawaii
trip and it was lit as I heard it's Tyga
she would say it was lit as ATF
yeah alright but anyways yeah so
Australia was fun world Time Attack I
think the only five people listen to the
podcasts are probably I don't know what
happened Australia already because they
already asked me about it in person but
it's an interesting place like wait wait
so you're not gonna go into detail or
you are I'll just kind of skip them over
it wait why people if I want to hear I
don't know like what do you want to know
I I don't represent them
yeah I can't tell you you know here how
was the weather the weather was just
like here but slightly marking me where
is here like you got it this Oh
California Sydney is I feel like your
listeners are probably like like all
over the country they have no idea what
the weather is like here so they have
there's like okay cool he's gonna tell
us what it was like it was like here
California is like sunny and so
that's how it is
people accept that already okay so it
was like mild generally not humid no
rain no because oh there's slight rain
because it's springtime over there and
there's summers are in December which is
really weird
so no that's like basic I don't never
taught me that in school so I didn't
know that seasons southern the southern
hemisphere has flipped seasons I don't
know that it faces like yeah it has to
do with the angle of the sunlight that
reaches the earth
yeah I know that the weird to see
summer December like you know that's
weird you live in LA dude it's summer in
December here too yeah
so Sydney like you you think they go in
Australia would be a lot different than
than home but it's not everyone kept
asking me what Australia was like
because he thought it was like super
like Aboriginal or whatever like but
it's like kangaroos run around
everywhere and they're just like like
crocodiles and but I didn't see any
animals
I like Eldin that's the correct term
dude I saw what do you mean I'm pretty
sure aboriginals Aborigines raised the
is like Australia's like native
Australians like how Indians are here
yeah about people people on the northern
hemisphere were based on apes and
gorillas and then prepared in Australia
where kangaroos at terms of humans
that's true yeah oh yeah I think I heard
that too zone yeah so there everyone was
formed in a pouch and then these came
out I heard it on the cargoes podcast
yeah anyways yeah I hung out downtown
Sydney a lot and it's pretty much just
like hanging out knowing somebody's
gonna quote you on that
and they gave that go see the Chronicles
they're always lying don't hear what
don't believe what your soldiers out
these days anyway
matter what there's so much fake news
nowadays yeah so yeah but just eight
normal stuff in Australia there's an
85-degree cafe which is your favorite
place so it's it's it's a it's it's
consistently good I wanted to say it's
my favorite place I'll tell you what my
favorite restaurant right now is though
what is it
Sun dong Dan hmm yeah it's
amazing god no no you
anyway you have you been I don't really
like that South Korean food I think I'm
gonna go ahead and not be on this
podcast anymore I don't know if I can
talk to you yeah but we'll try next time
because we didn't get to try it
yesterday and you've been eating the
leftovers for like the last four days I
just finished it it was good every
single time that's nice
okay all right back to Australia so you
went there you realize that the
Aborigines are actually humans they
evolved from kangaroos and then you ate
normal food such as 85 cat5 season as a
bakery out here in California originally
did in Taiwan right mm-hmm they have
amazing bread pretty good drinks bread
is sometimes amazing sometimes not but
it's like it used to be very reasonably
priced now it's kind of getting a little
pricey okay
oh the breads like completely different
over there they have different options
lastly yeah dude like they're
bigger and then they have like different
things and then the hot dogs in
Australia are like like nuclear
they're like like neon pink I don't know
what yeah they're hot dogs ha Japan has
weird hot dogs also no normal like
crunchy hot dogs they're weird
they're like sausages yeah that's how
hot dogs are supposed to be the wasn't
America are just soggy as man like
no that's just funny because Nathan says
a little bit of a bite to it but yeah in
Australia the hot dogs there they look
like dog penises you know when they're
lipstick comes out it looks like no I
really like hot dogs to it that I could
even come see a hot dog in Australia
because they're like bright pink and
it's weird
oh that's horrible yeah it's really
weird maybe they just don't want people
you yeah so I also learned that the Time
Attack community or Time Attack scene in
Australia this is way more developed and
is here in the US it's crazy yeah it
seems like yeah yeah yeah the cores are
insane over there well Time Attack is a
great event if any of you are ever
trying to or thinking of going but
you're like kind of on the fence about
whether or not you want to go I think
you should definitely go because it's
like a pretty remarkable experience whoo
who could possibly be like casually on
the fence about spending like $2,000 to
go to a foreign country the only cost
like 1,200 bucks
really yeah wasn't that much including
like you're staying in a would you just
stay with I stayed in a hotel I stayed
in a hostel and it was still only 1,200
bucks the hostel is super cheap it was
like $40 a night yeah you didn't just go
to yo nurses ball and ass house no I
don't want to say you know I said I
don't like staying at people's houses
it's weird there's like another there's
a couple other random people that
offered to have me stay at their place
to you but I was just weird
so I don't even like staying at my own
place that makes no sense but yeah I
don't know would you stay then Timmy's
house yeah yeah sometimes what's the
time yeah isn't that somebody else's
house yeah I don't feel comfortable I
guess I wonder neither but yeah
irrelevant
sorry yeah I was laughing at my
irrelevant everything about yourself
what yeah I know that's why I thought it
was funny girls like I you know what I
guess I wouldn't feel comfortable there
either so of course I wouldn't feel
comfortable there like why the
would I yeah after us really Oh actually
I guess I should the handi community in
Australia was very nice
like the people were very nice the cars
are pretty similar to here and I was
talking to a lot of Australian on the
guys over there and they said that their
scene is like kind of like a little bit
different than ours they say it's like a
couple years back but I don't think so I
saw the cars that you took video of in
the vlogs great super nice like Tixier
wise you know they have that Japanese
touch to it they're still very connected
with the way Japanese people build cars
or they did in the past and I mean it's
reflected in their cars the engine bay
stuff isn't as crazy but from talking to
those guys they say that their their
scene is kind of shifting in that
direction now where they're like kind of
do like crazy engine base stuff like
crazy isn't like shaved
yeah like super tucked like shaved paint
like super car show style because they
don't have a lot of car shows there so
that's they never really have a need to
build any type of car show things I
could have seen that going either way
you know it's like either you're there
crazy in the sense that they're like
David's Bay yeah or they're crazy
looking like it's like Sean's Bay where
he has like orange drier duckling race
stuff no I think they're racecar stuff
they have their own kind of style to it
but I think that a lot of more like the
street car guys they wanted milled they
like look to us for like engine bay
styling and stuff like that and they
like that look so even though here we're
kind of reverting back to like more of
like the non shaved base stuff you know
notice that like a lot of the newer cars
like nice Honda builds out here Oh
granted I am probably the least
qualified person to talk on the subject
but I've noticed that there's a lot less
moving a lot more just like cleaning up
and like painting really nice yeah
there's just kind of respring I mean cuz
a lot of I think if like a lot of guys
over here there'd leaning towards the
resto side of it now you know ed you
just want to make things nice again
people are restoring Honda's mm-hmm can
you believe it just yeah I thought it
was like it used to be just like a cheap
platform to build on mm-hmm but it's
like now it's like yes it looks like
restore this ya know there's just a
bunch of like older guys that are
getting back into Honda's now which is
pretty cool so yeah in Australia they're
kind of leaning towards more of that
showy side now so which I don't know I
kind of like their style yeah it's it's
like oh it's like Japanese on all the
ways and then like North American in a
lot of ways but they also have their own
twist on it where it's like kind of like
a amalgamation of different styles you
know what would you like what was one
twist that really stood out to you like
in terms of car styling yeah they're a
lot of they're Honda's were kind of like
the Honda's that I saw or that we saw
when we were in the Pacific Northwest
okay yeah where they're still like very
much like California oh 506 era so
there's like a lot of use of like I have
no idea what California 506 era was like
just like Pacific Northwest like how you
saw it you know where they were using
like a lot of like traditional parts so
having stuff hmm you know and the engine
bays were like they had swaps but the
engine bay is born like super crazy or
anything so okay so basically Terry's
car yeah Terry's cars way more developed
compared Frank Lewis Clark Frank whose
car yeah like that okay mm-hmm EKGs are
really popular too yes cuz the best car
ever yeah okay they don't you know they
don't have like a they don't have the
Type R obviously because Type R is
only really yeah huh so every new
everyday they have they have the VPI are
over there which is pretty interesting
so it's like a fancier are the Honda
stigma tier yeah yeah it's like a normal
eks ir but like they have a b18c
something else in it interesting thing a
GSR pretty much oh yeah
that sucks yeah but I mean a lot of the
guys they like they do the whole ek9
look thing you know it's super popular
do their do the tears come with moldings
and the bumpers okay yes
okay so they swap two Civic type-r
bumpers without the moving yeah it's
funny because in Japan every single
Civic icord 90 60 mm Civic came with
moldings and the bumpers except that
type are yeah all right and here like we
none of them did so it seems like such a
normal thing to see these cars but then
without moldings in the members but in
Japan you only saw that on a Type R yeah
I love si our bumper so I really liked
all the eks there I like si our bumpers
without in the molding color matched so
it just looks like a weird missing piece
with like holes but then with the
moldings still on the bumpers no no you
take the morning off oh I thought you
meant just the door moldings like it has
the moldings on the bumpers but not on
the doors
oh no it would have either it fells in
mine yeah I hate moldings yeah but uh
EKGs are super popular there you didn't
see very many EGS surprisingly did honda
sell the they sell the 1995 Civic in
Australia yeah yeah they had a lot of
them I remember a couple years ago but
no I think people are steering towards
the UK more and then I don't think they
had this IR either these realizes a
better car overall okay I'm sorry I'll
stop with my personal agenda yeah
so it's also Integra's but they're not
terribly popular over there either so
just like that really nice black one
yeah so a couple nice Integra so ones
that were there we're pretty nice I
don't know if I saw any da's do they
have a DA over there I don't even know
over there I think they just had the
Civic no no somebody can correct me but
oh I really liked all the Nissan stuff
over there
he sounds tough over there is great like
where we see a lot of like beat-up s 13
as for teens over here they like we have
a lot of s 15s ok there's always nice
and then run regular spec our arrow so
like factory stuff
so technically spec our arrow isn't a
thing yeah you can either get you can
get either model with or without the
aero package that just denoted whether
or not it was a turbocharged engine or
not so they have that and then there's a
lot of s 14s I don't know what else I
saw Co arc sevens if these are pretty
nice over there are they popular no
they're kind of like they are here where
they're like people like them and
they're sought-after but there's not a
lot of them they're not plentiful
no there were a lot as a world Time
Attack though like race car wise but
those PI cuz they brought over from
Japan in Japan as well one of the most
common cars you see at time exact events
are f DS yeah it's like everywhere
outside of the US it seems to be like
that yeah even in like Taiwan and stuff
is it just because this chassis or it
it's a great chassis you know and for
some reason in the u.s. though people
seem to kind of they just they don't
they just don't really develop that car
here in terms of time tech weird yeah
it's very interesting because they're
expensive here oh yeah I mean they are
they are getting pretty pricey I've
noticed that uh if you want like a
running if the even like pretty rough
condition you have to you have to spend
like ten thousand dollars yeah it seems
like nicer ones are you know even like a
like a bone stock but like really clean
one Oh twenty twenty-five thousand yeah
it's crazy I mean I would want one
eventually but they're all like pretty
cool cars I think I think they're pretty
cool - yeah probably one of the
best-looking factory vehicles ever made
I think yeah I know
yeah Australia was cool so I got back
from Australia and then there was like a
couple days there pretty much a week
before year 9 and then year nine
happened and the anniversary meats are
always pretty fun you know they're chill
and somehow it became it was incredibly
why is that what every every year just
that one day is either like crazy hot or
like some weird-ass weather yeah I know
I don't know why that happens did you
sacrifice your did you make your yearly
sacrifice
because every year I go there he gets
hot and then every year Ryan from Eibach
is just like oh yeah like two days ago
it was nice it was like nice and cold
okay yeah because you've always forget
to make your sacrifices of gods yeah I
don't know how that works
it's May it's probably because we talk
so much about the Inland Empire
like payback for it is like oh yeah you
want to talk well try having an
events here we're just gonna make it
blazing hot that's true I always forget
then when I'm fire I always feel like
Corona is like the Billy like the border
of Orange County yeah it's not and
there's always traffic and there's
always traffic coming back was it
traffic this year I think yeah there's
traffic in the morning for me there
wasn't traffic for you know hmm I think
I didn't hit traffic either way oh yeah
hit traffic
and I was actually there like a
reasonable time is here you showed up
earlier last year I think this year
you're kind of late oh yeah I didn't
sleep this year yeah it was kind of it
was deer nose bad yeah because you were
being a krabby patty again I really was
so yeah your night was cool it's always
nice to get people together there's more
cars than ever this year because I try
to pack a lot more you know because
people are is demanding spots and I was
trying to make as much room as I can
since I always feel like there's always
people that flake for whatever reason
and then I don't like having gaps so I
try I kind of were sold this year so
that we had more car show up in for the
most part I think a lot of people showed
up but there's always those like SEMA
builds that are like always half there
and always half not there so they didn't
get finished in time so we didn't get
any of that that's basic looks pretty
natural though in terms of like however
everybody else parks yeah okay next year
we'll try to do like that too so we're
just gonna pack it yeah when we had a
lot more vendors this year too which is
cool machan came out which is kind of
like made the event like more legit you
know because meccans just like at every
major event you know yeah that totally
validates everything yep eight years
later finally head back and show up yeah
yeah no I was cool I like I like
throwing the meat there I don't think
I'm gonna change much the formula seems
to work everyone seems to enjoy it so I
don't think it's good oh that was great
mm-hmm it's always just like a overall
good vibe you know and then even though
there's like a lot of stress with other
people getting seen with bills and stuff
ready or just putting their cars
together late at night for no reason
like that van always seems to work out
in the end everyone has a good time so
we didn't do a barbecue this year like
we normally do like the last couple
years wait there was one last year yeah
didn't we do one last year no what do we
do last year yeah we did
you're totally out of barbecue last year
really yeah at the old sub oh wait no
cuz we were moving in here
yeah yeah so we didn't do a barbecue we
didn't did we no we didn't know cuz you
were like oh yeah you know instead of
doing a barbecue now we'll just do it a
few months from now we just never did
know we just never did it yeah because
it took us so long to move into the shop
it took us like four months and move in
here it didn't take that long yeah for
us to organize everything really yeah
look at your office it's lighter no my
office is super nice ones like have
moved in right now and then I ya know
this is no there was there was like a
couple months when that what this office
was really nice mmm when I was like in
Japan and stuff yeah when there's no one
here yeah yeah this year went by way too
fast
mm-hmm we did a lot more yeah I mean I
can't really comment on because you've
always kind of had like a really active
slow busy lifestyle but for someone like
me yeah I mean I think I've pushed the
Chronicles more this year than I ever
have because I wasn't doing as much
magazine stuff I only did like one
magazine thing this year
oh really yeah so I can kind of
took a hiatus from doing super Street
stuff you know just like kind of see how
things go and then trying to really push
the Chronicles on this side since we're
heading into your 10 so that's been
going pretty well yeah last year was
kind of a transitional year because
we're moving and then you decided stay
in Japan for two months this year that's
this year and we had this year this past
year yeah we traveled a lot to here -
but we didn't travel to like random
places like like Atlanta and stuff like
that I did I was in line of we're
traveling this year huh yeah I think I
think I kind of took over the traveling
quota for the Sierra cuz you know what -
like Puerto Rico I bigger before we go
yeah it was funny is like I didn't know
that uh David was PO Regan
but did you think he was El Salvadorian
oh you don't ever say that to him either
really yeah you can't say he's El
Salvadorian yet this is Salvadorian I'm
I know that because it's does Salvador
yeah I know I that's like calling him
oriental I mean calling us
you gave your or your Ian's organs yeah
he Salvadorian Puerto Rican yeah
whatever dude he's like the thing is
when you're both you you get to be like
whatever side of it when it's
appropriate or when it's convenient so
I've met plenty of people like from like
Taiwan or Hong Kong and stuff yeah and
then like English isn't their first
language you know and then obviously
because they they're visiting in the or
are you the Japanese and I'm like I
don't get mad about it no use
the Japanese yeah English isn't my first
language either English is my first
language either you know yeah anyways
what we're talking about oh yeah you're
9 yeah so after that we didn't do a
barbecue we were a hella far
all this year last year because you
weren't here cuz you had to take Noel's
car to SEMA the next day oh yeah that
was the next day and then yogi was
already at SEMA and then yo he's
normally the cook so yeah I'm not gonna
have a barbecue without the guys without
food yeah he's the one that buys the
chicken so yeah I feel like you can just
like told cam to bring like some sprint
like like egg rolls and fried rice
that's not a BBQ that's a potluck yeah
and then what would the Japanese people
eat egg rolls and dried rice oh they can
eat that without me having to turn it
into a thing where I have to clean up
after them yes yes yeah well yeah that's
why we won't have any Forks now
because like twice a year we would have
an event where people bring plastic
cutlery and eight-month-old beer yeah
yeah but surprisingly nobody asked if I
was having a barbecue this year because
they probably knew that I wasn't I
didn't do one last year Eddie so wow
they just don't they just assume that
it's like no longer a thing no no a lot
of people want to see my earlier this
year too though so see what this year
was kind of weird it felt like everybody
around us was like way more involved in
them we're lost
alright I would always have like friends
have like display cars and stuff but
like the zeros like oh yeah everybody
was like oh I gotta go see mo for work
you know like they finally took it
seriously the week before or whatever is
crazy but yeah I ended up having to go
to SEMA to work for Hyundai which was
pretty cool I guess they like put me up
in some fancy hotel and then all I had
to do was like social media stuff for
them no it's fun that sounds great yeah
I was originally gonna go just Tuesday
to Thursday because you know I just got
back from Australia so I didn't want to
like spend that much money in Vegas or
whatever and then Honda hit me up and I
was like
yeah sure I'll do this and then they
kind of took care of my trip for me so
hmm mm-hmm
it was nice it was nice to be taking
care of yeah I bet yeah I just did two
round-trip one-day turnaround things
mm-hmm oh yeah actually kind of nice too
you could have yeah I guess you wouldn't
have stayed in Vegas how long wouldn't
been that fun for you what am I gonna do
it was like where the helping I parked
the trailer and all that you believe you
had a hotel room you could park at the
hotel I got paper hotel room tele defeat
the whole purpose of the I would I would
literally be out I would lose money
taking those car there yeah so you you
bought Noel's car back and forth and
then there's no issues with that right
no I mean not that I know of he hasn't
told me anything I don't I asked him I
was a yogi like there was like nothing
you know weird right yeah I think it was
fine okay so see what was the usual for
you you didn't really do anything do you
even go to SEMA no no usually I have I
go to SEMA that's the usual
yeah usually I go to SEMA and then go to
wherever we're staying watch this cover
channel while you guys go to the club
which is great like I love I love hotel
rooms about myself you didn't miss
anything though Cemal it's kind of weird
this year I felt like there are way more
boots and there were cars right it's
like a business thing that's like super
businesses here I mean normally I mean
it's seamless business anyways a
treat show yeah but I felt like I mean I
even talked to people that were like
kind of like the seem of veterans I
guess you can say even though we're
technically seaman veterans also but
they were just like yeah see what kind
of has a weird vibe this year where
everything seems like I don't know there
were just more about like saying a
booths and there was less feature cars I
feel because if you walked around the
front they kind of change the layout of
it but you know you got the front as in
the walking area like by the
drift exhibition okay yeah there weren't
that many cars and then I don't know
what the real tire Hall just seems
barren now it's crazy like will
Tara Hall used to be the spot to go to
you know yeah because that's where all
the the cars that were relevant to us
anyways would be in you know and then
there would be a lot of people that we
knew working there and then well like
even like the the girls that we knew
would be working and then I walked
around there cuz I usually hit that
wheel toy hauler speak I want to hit
that spot before everyone else does mmm
because people usually take too
traditional
where they go North Hall to South you
know mm-hmm so I went I started in the
wheel tire Hall this year again and then
there was nothing in there so very weird
and then there's also way more security
this year because of the whole Mandalay
Bay shooting thing right so this was the
first year where I went to a cement
where the head metal detector isn't so
it's very interesting
damn and then they actually looked at
people's badges this year too not that I
wouldn't made a difference if there was
any kind of like mass attack thing going
on you know but it might discourage it
you know yeah yeah there's nothing in
the wheel tire Hall other than like
Nitto had like you know the gas monkey
garage Big Mike Z build which is a story
for another time
I don't know and then other than what
some of the cars I guess they were
relevant to us we're all in the toyota
red pass area there's a toyota now only
has a tread path they don't have a main
booth yeah I think so really
yeah cuz he stopped both right yeah they
had both no they just took over that
whole outside area I know interesting
which makes sense because like honestly
realistically that probably does a lot
more for them yeah cuz before they had a
big booth inside too and they used to
have people like sign autographs and
like that
like UFC fighters because Toyota
sponsors UFC okay so they would always
have some sort of celebrity appearance
everyday but yeah they didn't I don't
think they had it with this here Conor
McGregor ya know like like though like
they had like Arianny
you know like the UFC ring girl Nate
Diaz no Nate Diaz went sign autographs
he hates people he's that guy he's
talked in Stockton yeah
but they're there would be like legit
the UFC fighters are signing autographs
and stuff which is very cool and then he
said there was a ring girl yeah a ring
girl and then yeah there was nothing
there this year hmm we always stopped by
the road a booth you know just the guy
talked was it there yeah of course
had the new like NR 10 are looking fake
I wrote a wheel you know I thought
that's been available for a while no I
never actually seen one in person I
guess they just either know what he's
buying over there at least me but I saw
that finally I met a really nice Z in
there actually s30 no yeah because you
know that one do with that like the
baby blue T Corolla that's always
out oh yeah how's the car show yeah I
think it's outside of his car or
somebody that he knows because mm yeah
cuz there was a Z and there was like a
new build it was actually really nice
but you know granted they had to put the
wheels on there but ya know like like
like some guys like all about it
I mean a lot of yeah that's because like
a lot of older Filipino car guys they
just like rock road is all day yeah it
goes like oh yes like my cousin's home
you know in that business yeah you know
I understand yeah I get it is what it is
mm-hmm and then there's some cool stuff
like we got to see Brian from Makin's
new various kamikaze FRS literally
street car right yeah yeah that's the
cars pretty crazy I don't imagine it
would you know be non visible on the
street like you'd probably attract a lot
of attention everywhere it went just
because of how aggressive it is but he's
like you said three cars though I mean
it overhangs like 12 feet in the front
like yeah in the back
like I don't even know where you would
park that thing because you would
destroy the kid everywhere you go I
think you would have to go to like a
truck stop mm-hmm
SEMA like I mean every year I go to SEMA
it seems like I progressed I go
progressively less has that week went on
and then I think this year was the
all-time least amount of time I spent at
SEMA because really cuz last day you
didn't go at all the last day yeah I did
do it didn't I go no Friday yeah I did I
went to the seemed like knighted
thing wait did I go yeah I did really no
no's two years ago two years ago we
went to the whole thing because Ryan's
car was there oh yeah yeah and then last
year it was Big Mike's car but we went
to that I swear I did I don't know yeah
no this year I know cuz we went to the
we went to the abandoned water park oh
yeah it was still daylight oh yeah
definitely
dude that's when I had the Hyundai Santa
Fe yeah the Hyundai Santa Fe it's 28
miles per gallon does it really very
fuel-efficient yes well the Eco mode yes
how great is it like driving trunk store
just incredible also yeah I fit so many
suitcases in there yeah the Hyundai
Santa Fe is an incredible vehicle yeah
oh yeah because we went to Shake Shack
and then we ate it on the way back yeah
on a Friday yeah well you came oh yeah
damn yeah memory yeah I have a great
memory but yeah this year I went the
earliest I've ever gone like on the
Tuesday because I took a a Hyundai
provided shuttle to the show maybe
different hotel yeah the
outta you readied was it was it a Santa
Fe
no it was like
giant party bus like one of those black
buses I was like a privately contracted
shuttle bus to take us to the show how
many of you were there
mmm not many less than a bus full yeah
yeah that's crazy so yeah I had to be
downstairs because they had me staying
at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel it's
super weird hotel because you have to
check in on the 23rd floor
yeah it's that that's how all oriental
Mandarin cells are like when you walk
into the hotel you have to take an
elevator to the 23rd floor check in and
then take a separate elevator that takes
you to your room you can't take the
elevator from the from the bottom floor
of the hotel straight to your room very
interesting is that a security thing or
is that like good to get you feeling
like oh this might be kind of
oriental you think they just want to
make it like lavish so you do it that
way how's that lavish that's like
inconvenient yeah actually know what
lavish things are in communion yeah
exactly
like caviar mm-hmm you have to eat like
shrimp eggs not sure if eggs fish eggs
yeah I don't know I try to be fancy in a
hell of fail no I I had I had was a call
for foie gras for the first time last
year yeah at SEMA uh-huh I had no idea
what it looked like or anything right
and there's coffee McCoy your ad I was
like oh yeah this is how you eat it I
was like damn Scotty eats fancy like
that I mean I can see I mean it's kind
of fancy yeah like but like most people
have an idea of how to eat it you eat on
a piece of bread biscuit looking bad
right no I always eat like random like
fusion things where they put it like in
burgers and yeah dude
wah grah burger is this foie gras or is
this like beef fat you know I know that
like there's both so it's just it's just
a burger weight grease here than it
should be yeah is it good
cuz it's like super oily I don't know
dude like it doesn't really taste like
anything you just know it's there so you
feel fancy that duck liver right yeah it
has like a little oily gamy taste to it
yeah it's weird tasty make like
yeah they make all kinds of weird stuff
with it but I've never actually eaten it
pure like how it's supposed to be I I
ate it by itself before before Scott
told me to put on something I was like
oh so this is that inhale the giant
piece of fat yeah I just know like not
Japanese I just took a little bit on
like a spoon I just ate it he's like oh
no he supposed to put it on something
Savage oh no dude I don't know
why anybody there expected me to know
like what it was or how to eat it like
surprised that Scott from korad got kids
down like that that's crazy no like it
was like a nice dinner like we went look
like all the you know everybody like not
everybody but like the you know like
that's pretty tight until Scott got down
like that it wasn't that I don't think
it was like super expensive or anything
oh that's fancy bro
it wasn't it wasn't a $75 a shrimp leg
or whatever
what lobster tail oh yeah officer tell
ya that was pretty good yeah I didn't
know you got down like that and this is
really good no no no like that whenever
I make some money I squeeze it all on
food that was excessive it's like you
know what I don't want more food so I'll
pay more for less yeah that's that's how
you know you're balling like that yeah
no I didn't know you got down like yeah
Philemon you and I lobster tail for $55
or you can get the lobster tail by
itself for $75 yeah
and you chose to be efficient I chose
both yeah but yeah it was fun like so
anyways yeah I went to Zao on a full day
like I literally got to see him at 8:30
dude like I haven't been there that
early since I was doing stuff in the
morning yeah 8:30 because the shuttle
picked us up like at 7:30 or something
no actually no it's show people so at
8:30 so I got there by 9:00
that's pretty impressive yeah so I was
so early there that I was like the only
one that I knew that was at SEMA that
wasn't working I was walking around with
myself and then dira and David hadn't
even flown in yet because they were
flying in that day that was on Tuesday
Tuesday yeah the first day yeah yeah so
okay so I got to walk around and then
that's when I went to the tire hall and
we realize there's nothing there
maybe this hadn't set up yet no man they
set that up like two days before so
yeah I know but I feel like that kind of
lenient about that nowadays yeah I don't
know but I actually stayed the entire
day Tuesday from like 9:00 till like
5:30 which is when the show ends at 5:00
mm-hmm so I stuck around for that and
then we went out to the club for I want
to say it was omnia and there was like
cascade there whatever just cool and
then he played Potok yellow for 15
seconds oh yeah we double only 15
seconds yeah that's not that's how
that's clip that I put in the vlog
I was literally the entire clip of him
playing black yellow okay any longer
than 15 seconds he was it pay for it I
have to pay for so so cascade did me a
solid and he just played it 450 sure is
because he has to be 40 people yeah
wonder what no I think so man but I was
just like his beginning mix and then he
went from Buddha Yoda thriller which is
interesting so it makes sense though
because it was Halloween obviously so
there's like people dressed up and stuff
and then David was super concerned about
whether or not he can get into the club
and I was like David there's people in
costume like they're not even wearing
shoes so yeah I think David
always like use me has that was like hey
man they're gonna let you in like that
and then like I get there I was like
dude I totally could've got in him I
faded Chronicles short and a Dickey
Steve is a classic over warrior when it
comes to events like my life you want to
see more like like 10 years dude
and then there's there only industry
parties they don't care how you dress
half of the time these people like are
there they don't even speak
English so yeah I guess that's true yeah
so we went to see a party and then the
next day I think I'll just like yeah I'm
seen was cool but I'm gonna go with like
at 11:30 so I woke up like at 10:30 and
then I got there by 11:30 and then
that's when I they already announced the
Battle of the builders think mmm-hmm and
then the day before that they announced
that the s2000 that rewired built was in
the top 12 not what top 40 and then they
they had they were gonna announce the
top 12 the next day and by the time I
got there they had already notified us
that like you hadn't made it so I guess
didn't really put a damper on the day or
anything but it just made the even less
important for us to be there yeah well
yeah you're working so you know whatever
yeah so I just hung around and did some
fun day stuff we walked around the show
some more I don't know why but like this
year I didn't find myself walking the
entire show I just went to go look for
the cars that were already on social
media maybe that's all social media is
dictating how we look at things now
whereas like if I didn't see the car and
I didn't know what was there I wouldn't
go look for it like there wouldn't be
like cars that surprised me that were
there because I didn't really walk it
that much I guess I think well when I
when I actually go to SEMA I actually do
make it a point to walk the whole show
yeah I went to go look for the GoPro
booth and there was no go booth this
year right so like crazy it was a
monetary thing or if they're just
pulling out of SEMA but I didn't see a
GoPro booth which is
me I mean I imagine that go like this so
much there's so much more value to like
going to like action sport trade shows
and stuff you know not automotive you
know for GoPro that's true yeah so was
that Wednesday night we went out again
and that's when they had the GranTurismo
words right yeah and then there was like
a also a club event and then t-pain was
before me and stuff like that so t-pain
was performing at the GranTurismo party
yeah dude all right
oh man where we're at SEMA where bottle
rats you just go looking for friends
that have table-service their bottles
there is and then we just go hang out
with them so cuz that one bottle rat is
yeah bottle rats are like hoes that
don't know anybody and they just like go
to the club just so they can go like a
latch on to some rich people
oh that is me yeah but I drink
ginger ale yeah I mean if we had enough
people to get a table I would get a
table obviously it's not a big deal to
me but just look at a car event like
that I just like go hang out with people
that I know because it gives us an
opportunity to hang out with people that
we don't normally see anyways so it was
fun and then so we got we got to see
t-pain up close and personal that's nice
yeah is he really tall I guess so yeah
deep pains not a short guy he's he's
like he's like he's large all over then
yeah it's just like a big dude oh wow
and then we got home super late that day
well actually no me Tiffany went to go
eat and then we support we're gonna go
back to the club after we ate whoa hold
on what happened at the GranTurismo
party oh yeah during the gran turismo
thing they announced that our friend
Phil Robles won the Gran Turismo award
and he also won the best Asian import
award or his Civic I don't know if you
guys know Phil that phil has a really
nice track our Civic from Arizona he's
like an older gentleman incredibly nice
guy probably one of the nicest people
ever met yeah yeah and yeah he brought
his car up because I see beam at like
one of his car there and then he
convinced him to bring his car out and
he got a good spot cuz he was by the
Macan booth that's crazy that that met
like that got that pool right magically
you know I want this car at SEMA it's
like hey Matt this is a 92 Civic yeah
yeah I feel like that's the one that's
eating all the fatty liver yeah
probably
he's the one that's buying all the
lobster tails weather so ordered the
steak separate yeah so he managed to get
a spot and he had a pretty good spot cuz
I maybe I think he was there on the
half of Mackin maybe I don't know yeah
Mac it was it was a doodoo connection
with Mackin yeah man Matt's got all
kinds of pool dude it's a nice guy he
like doesn't people over from
flippy but respect him
I mean then this is no industry secret
but the Macan booth was at the
Chronicles event because of Matt yeah he
got filled that spot there and then
famous Matt yeah Phil he went and got
his car repainted all the arrow stuff
kind of like fixed and refinished and
then the car looked great he widen the
front fenders like 20 mm yeah I didn't
actually get any that much footage of it
because he was like in a darker area
then I'm normally like good at filming
it so we didn't get that much footage of
it but people know the car from falling
on the site you used like a shiny black
thing yeah I was just wait and then they
always Park the cars on like you know
they have the ugly-ass red carpet so it
just makes everything look kind of pink
and you know so yeah that carpet is
the worst is that like is that what the
convention center like always has yeah
how's Convention Center carpet yeah oh
so they don't put carpet over that first
you know during roll in time like the
carpet is covered in plastic yeah yeah I
notice so I mean well yeah cuz I have to
go there that's like to unload the cart
as I go only time I actually go yeah so
Phil won the war he was super stoked
about it was pretty cool you know it's
an amazing thing your car is gonna be in
Gran Turismo dude yeah I was reading
like a press article on it on white one
or whatever and and they gave him the
award because it's like a true like
driver's car mm-hmm and it's kind of
like a car that's like a economy car I
guess you can say that was kind of like
unexpected for you to build to that
level or River yeah and then like the
people from Gran Turismo actually picked
the award which is really cool so yeah
from Sony yeah the guy that was that
actually heads at Gran Turismo Team he
wasn't there this year but they like
showed him all the cars and he picked it
I guess which is really cool so really
mm-hmm
you also said that he spoke to the guy
Japanese the Japanese guy that he spoke
to you was the Gran Turismo head over
here North American side oh okay so he
wins award and then with you winning
that award you also get featured in a
future Gran Turismo game which is really
cool I don't know how that works
because like you know Honda's kind of
typically had like licensing issues with
video games that's right like you took
you extreme racer there was no
mmm-hmm in the later ones I mean I'm
sure they Honda and Sony are doing just
fine in terms of like licensing and so
in Gran Turismo they've always had Honda
yeah so I think that should be fine I
don't yeah I don't know if anything's
changed I think the issue with that is
that Honda always wants their cars
portrayed in like accurate way yeah
that's like Gran Turismo is okay but
like say they need for speed is not
Honda wasn't autumn or at least it
wasn't I wasn't it I don't think so no I
don't wanna loose you know at least as
like the least really yeah Auto what at
least is the least realistic game ever
so I mean if Honda's were in there then
do I don't know
were they I think those Ennis X in there
I also feel like I played it with
Honda's in there like there's an eg in
there somewhere
yeah but anyways yeah so his car is
gonna be in a future copy of Gran
Turismo which is pretty cool
right that's very cool there's gonna be
like a pendent Civic 100 as well
what if the game ever comes out so it
will yeah well I grant you it was like
one of those things that's like they can
take how long they want and
people still buy the out of it I
wonder if it's gonna be one of those
things where like his car's gonna end up
in the video game and he doesn't see it
like how when your car was in Need for
Speed and you never actually got to see
it I tried like it's like why don't like
somebody I knew had like a PlayStation
yeah and then seven like 10 copies of
the game why they saying you're 10
copies of the game but they couldn't
send you the console when in 10 copies
of the game equate to the console oh
maybe they assume that I already had one
okay I don't know yeah I try playing it
yeah and apparently it's like a car that
you can unlock so I play through the
entire game no like it's to a certain
point but I you not do then like
this is kind of not cool but like I I
couldn't get past the first level
this man I've actually never played oh
my god but with Phil's car like I'm sure
it's like a car oh maybe it's no cuz
like did you ever get to see a
screenshot of the carly's a screenshot
did it look
no it was hella high dude like your car
so low in real life that it defied the
physics of a video yeah it's real fight
on the street apparently not not quite
in the nearest beat universe
yeah really so the car didn't look it
was very accurate it's like like all
like even like the all the rust and
yeah because they scan the car right no
yeah I just didn't
photos of it oh they didn't do that they
don't have the technology but yeah but
like they had that I had to contact like
risky devil so I get like permission to
use their logo coil rad yeah oh that's
like all that stuff got like they had to
get like yeah releases for it yeah so
they got all that's like all the logos
and stuff on the car and like the
stickers I had the random ass figures
we're like all very well you know
reproduced just the right height they
couldn't get their release for the right
height because they couldn't contact the
source of who made the Integra clothes
right
no I did it was this isn't about that
cause I thought Phil wait I'm so digging
deep into this new frisbee thing
did was the height adjustable at all I
don't know I did get the plate and then
get that far in the game cuz in like
Tokyo extreme racer you can lower the
cars at the point where like the wheel
would come out of the top of the
fenders yeah you know maybe you could
you know but it was like one of those
cars that yeah it's like unlock or
whatever or you have to buy it or
something that's so you'd have to play
to a certain point where you would yeah
acquire that Utah s3z yeah I
tried for a little bit and then I got
hungry and I made some mac and cheese oh
so you only played it for one day one
hour I played it for like 30 minutes
it's like it's a weird game I don't know
I was busy
like I was really busy at the time or
something I don't know what it was yeah
if we if we find it again I'm down to
play it now is it a PlayStation 2 I
don't know you don't even know what yeah
I don't I don't really know either so
how would I know it was in 2011 we've
been cool of your car was in like Tokyo
extreme racer that would be wait that's
like my ultimate goal why do you think
I've worked with cars my whole life yeah
that's like all I want to do is first of
all for took extreme racer to come back
yeah I know man man I'd do some weird
things remember that dude like they
like the the whole
bait-and-switch thing from like earlier
this year the cell phone yeah
those guys you Giggy why can't
you just make a console game how
difficult is it just just rerelease the
old game both better graphics okay like
you spent on the gameplay a little bit
mm-hmm it's funny cuz this is like
literally the only game I've played yeah
dude but then you know
if they remade the game now I'd probably
have all kinds of cheesy as parts on
it's all you know because those are the
companies that are paying like what you
can't like xxxx are we like
15 I mean 1552 wheels are nice
they're mine 15:52 wheels or not yeah
yeah I mean there definitely be in the
game I think yeah they're gonna get
in there you know like some tune again
stickers
yeah I kinda feel like that would happen
today
maybe because these are the companies
that are paying you know cuz they're in
Forza you know so those are the same
people who hoon again hoonigan like
hoonigan has a hoonigan Car Pack
for the new fours the game do you know
that really yeah
and they put like our lifes Ark 7 in
there which is pretty cool you know oh
wow yeah so you can have a BN
rx-7 and Forza Oh
but anyways yeah Phil's card is gonna be
in Gran Turismo I'm sure that's gonna be
like a very well represented version of
it at the correct right height actually
a couple years ago yeah one of the guys
from Auto concept delete his car won the
Gran Turismo worked yeah and he actually
unfortunately he passed away but his yet
a g37 I think and then it ended up being
in the game and then I don't I don't
remember actually seeing it maybe there
was like a screen shot or something
somewhere where the car was actually in
the game but I remember I seen it it was
just a high-end car yeah I was like
green or something right yeah how like
this crazy front arrow like yeah yeah
because I had all custom arrow yeah it
was like super crazy and like like oh
you can see like all the intercooler
piping between the it was in the game
okay that's cool it wasn't the game I
mean I wasn't playing this wasn't a few
years ago this was like 10 years ago
yeah yeah well I wasn't playing Gran
Turismo at that time anymore cuz I
didn't have a Playstation you switched
the fours alright I switch to Xbox
because I bought one on Black Friday and
was really cheap so no dude it's might
have been like as long as eight ten
twelve years ago well this is like
PlayStation 3 then yeah I think those
Gran Turismo for that car was in yeah so
yeah I was playing Forza by the nerdy I
was already a renowned Forza artist yeah
oh yeah there was that yeah I've only
heard of the legend I've never seen it
yeah but anyways so Phil's car's gonna
be yeah I think that's pretty cool
hopefully it's like the newest version
of the game or were they this
everything's like super realistic so
they actually notified him because I was
talking about SEMA that they're gonna
come like scan the car and everything
right I'm sure they have to like do the
audio and everything on it so it'll be
pretty cool you know
yeah what a perfect car to put into a
video game because I think so it says
there's a great car built by a great
human so pretty awesome I think like
even if people who don't really know
much about the car or the owner will
really appreciate it for what it is so
since you're gonna be white like when
you go and take the first-person view is
it gonna be like all white with like
roll cage why am I asking you I'm sorry
I don't know why is it white using his
interior white no I'm huh it's like
color match no dude he has a white
interior no man there's no way he's
awaiting to Phil Robles mm yeah he has
white interior maybe not anymore cuz I
don't know review they've had the whole
car inside and out oh man feel I like
that white interior that was like
totally unique I liked it yeah I think
it's been white it's okay it's still
amazing car I just thought that he kept
the white interior yeah that's a great
car yeah
even in Jame still white what's the
interview every waking now yeah I was
like projecting my own ideological
revisionist history here oh yeah so
that's pretty cool I mean for an entire
field of like crazy cars at a Cemal
event for that car to win the see the
Gran Turismo where it's pretty
awesome man
anything so soon even you know this
whole Mandela effect that we're
experiencing here mmhmm yeah pretty sure
danger is what I did
we could this could be debated forever
but we can just look at photos of it but
whatever the photo has changed yeah what
if I edited the photo with interior
wasn't white ya know like like the
Berenstain Bears oh yeah yeah it they
all changed when we went through the
whole you know yeah shift that's pretty
cool I think it's amazing yeah yeah well
deserved uh-huh
definitely well deserved so by the time
I had talked to Phil that day I think
that was on the Thursday of SEMA when I
interviewed him for the vlog though that
was literally the whole time I was
talking to Phil was the entire time that
I was at SEMA so you went there for what
20 minutes yeah like like an hour maybe
mmm an hour too because Tiffany had to
shoot some SEMA coverage for Ken for
week fest for the week fest website okay
okay blog week this Instagram account so
she was busy shooting and then I'll just
running around doing stupid cuz
they're already seen everything anything
that I thought I had seen yeah yeah so I
ran into Phil and then we spoke to him
for a little bit
and then after that what an idea oh
you're just hung out in Vegas we had a
lot of Earl of Sandwich which is always
nice yeah I specifically chose to stay
at Planet Hollywood because I wanted to
eat Earl of Sandwich I haven't had a
sandwich from that place in like a year
yeah I even Loki cancelled the steak and
lobster dinner the first night because I
went to go eat
Earl sandwich by myself it's so bad I
like grilled sandwich I like it too just
saying no you know what's better than
our old sandwich a 20-17 Hyundai Elantra
GT no it's not Earl of Sandwich I would
rather drive a Earl of Sandwich sandwich
to work then a 2017 Hyundai whatever see
that this this this entire podcast is
sponsored by Hyundai I just call her
2017 Hyundai whatever the yeah I'm
sorry Honda no you know I think that joy
does a great job promoting your brand
and yeah I feel that definitely if I was
if I was part of the marketing team at
Honda I would definitely you know hire
him again for multiple things and then
maybe a couple of his friends too to
stay at the Oriental Hotel the only
thing that would make this better is if
they actually gave me a Hyundai to build
for SEMA yeah I'm really pushing for
that and I mean I didn't really push
that hard for it I emailed them once
about and then they didn't respond so
let's just say though they're not gonna
give me a car is exciting yeah wouldn't
be cool we just like built a Hyundai for
SEMA what which one would you choose I
mean
they don't have the Genesis anymore so
they don't know they don't have it
anymore it would be like they would
probably give me an Elantra dude no
launcher GT I'm sorry which one it which
what horrors you man so bad this is a
sedan yeah it's like the competitor to
the Civic oh really it's as smaller yeah
it's a small car okay and then the and
then they have the ion ion ion eco
nervous is the hybrid so like the hybrid
fusion car thing what's like their
full-size that end I don't know I mean
Elantra yeah the launch is is like wait
well I'm sure this is a Hyundai Accent
and then the Elantra then I have the
accident anymore man that was like 1998
yeah like the Sonata it's not as the
full-size yeah yeah and then they also
have what's the other thing Santa Fe no
different brand altogether the
Honda
Cherokee oh yeah Altima yeah yeah but
that's a Kia that's not Hyundai Excel
and then the stinger
yeah it's also a great car so kia if you
want it just take a hold of that stinger
and do something with it
yoky is part of the Hyundai group right
yeah but they operate separately oh
really
hmm I'm down another finger yeah
yeah dude let's just do something else
BW a gym you way out but after after
that we kind of just hang out in Vegas
for the rest of the day and then I don't
know Vegas is fun when you don't have to
worry about and then we came back
rested for a day and then it was a VIP
festival on Sunday for auto fashion oh
yeah yeah it's fun it's always a chill
time because we get to go see friends
and then go eat Mexican food that was
nice dude I was really impressed by that
burritos time yeah it's really good oh
did you get well normally when everybody
max me but I just get tacos I like tacos
mm-hm and then his carne asada tacos
just that with like you know cilantro
and sauce you know that's always what I
get but this I'm saying was like oh yeah
like the the like shrimp and lobster oh
that you got the surf and turf thing
shrimp sauce shrimp and and corn
I thought oh yeah mister was yeah I was
like the senator perrito yeah it was
like it was like coal dollars more than
like a regular burrito
if you get the servant of a burrito can
you get just a shrimp burrito for more
yeah it's like and 1099 for the servant
Irvin it's like 1472 or yeah just shrimp
yeah but that was interesting because we
got to also listen to our friend sings
life story and all the bad decisions
that he's made over the years we've
probably shouldn't broadcast we should
definitely talk about it someday
we'd get him here on the podcast you
can't just put people on blast like that
I mean sure I can do that yeah you
always put yeah you know you every
post me on blabbing of a saying
on whatever saying I'm glass he can talk
about all his is like you know good
decisions that he's made for himself and
his amazing relationships you can't see
when he's not here to do it
that yeah I mean well hangout was saying
when these days
next next show if he's not next time
he's around yeah yeah we can have him
come by yeah the healing comes out for
stuff you know like if there's like a
barbecue we can't podcast at a barbecue
no we have like drunk people walking
through yeah but yeah other than that I
mean I guess you guys are all caught up
with what's going on there's there's not
much going on this month other than the
entire month long celebration of Tiffany
and Sarah's birthdays because they share
birth and URI oh yeah and your age
birthday too so yeah we're gonna do it
big I mean we already kind of celebrated
Yuri's birthday but I feel like there's
more coming there's definitely more
coming so yeah it's always nice to
celebrate life like things with people
you know as far as car stuff go there's
not much core stuff going on this month
there's a super little thing I don't
know if we're gonna go are you gonna go
that thing this weekend way you came go
to that thing cuz there's other things
going on this is super ill superstream
meet well what else is going on this
weekend Tiffany's Tiffany's birthdays
they're both multiple on the weekend
Saturday Sunday yeah oh sure that was
Sunday Monday oh it doesn't make any
sense man the I don't know yeah
yeah no yeah like I get I get that URI
gets like a month you know
yeah like Tiffany I think I feel like
Tiffany gets a day Tiffany and Sarah
they've been celebrating ever since the
beginning of the month so I feel like
they get a day each you know so I mean
they're they're doing their own they're
doing big things okay Sarah can have
Saturday and Tiffany gonna have
Sunday yeah that's gonna work I'll talk
to ya
but yeah doses birthdays and
Thanksgiving obviously what are you
gonna do for Thanksgiving I'll go to my
girlfriend's OHS no nice so you're not
gonna be spending things dealing with my
family this year no I honestly feel kind
of bad about it like cause like my focus
now it's like okay so before like
whenever Joey's parents coming to town
and stuff like he's nice enough to like
bring me along cuz I don't have a family
here in the US
yeah but uh I'm not talking to you I'm
talking to the listeners I mean you have
family here I have a one sister yeah
yeah but she just got married I'm try
and get you know sick I'm not gonna hang
out with you actually uh what like I
think holy
like a year ago mm-hmm yeah like a year
ago I hit up my sister I was a Kate you
you want to get like a coffee or
something
yeah I was like you know bring to your
husband to you know I want to talk to
him yeah cuz we have him I've never
really had a chance to really talk to
him as it turns out he's like the super
cool guy he's like super chill a nice
guy you can tell you just like sincere
and he has a good job and yes your
sister and her husband have a very
normal life I guess you could say right
David Freese David very normal
yeah that's good yeah she's like
pursuing some like stuff with like arts
and crafts that she makes and sells on
Etsy oh
he works in the CPA they're like a cat
okay pull her opposite anyways that's
not the point yeah Thanksgiving yeah so
I would I mean sometimes I go I go to
you know Joey's parents house for
Thanksgiving and stuff oh now I figured
like if me is probably gonna go yeah I
don't wanna my parents haven't even hit
me up about Thanksgiving so I don't even
know what's gonna because they talked to
Tiffany about or even traveling so yeah
yeah they were not crews yeah and like I
know it's kind of like we've done a few
times over I kind of just tag along with
you and Tiffany yeah you owe me Paris I
was like man this is weird yeah
I feel like if you have a girlfriend now
you should definitely spend Thanksgiving
with her
not with us yeah no III think so too
I mean for for the first time ever sorry
has girlfriends but I actually want to
spend time with her so okay so you
didn't go into Thanksgiving before that
no no I have not
not really yeah he has up cuz ya
know there were invitations but I was
yeah yeah okay well makes a lot of sense
so what did you really expect from me
dude I don't know it's free food so I
thought you'd go my uh-huh yeah it's
free food you would go did you hang out
with people that you like and don't like
for free food so doesn't matter wait who
the wait hold on when do I ever hang out
people that I don't like in order your
free food that's never happened I'll
never that's not worth it yeah you
wouldn't sell yourself I haven't quite
sold my stomach yet yeah yeah but I
don't know that's what's been going on
lately sorry we haven't been keeping up
with the podcast because I'm literally
just losing money by not doing podcast
because I pay for the space you know but
you don't get paid per podcast no but at
least I'm utilizing the money that I
spent on something instead of just
throwing money away oh dude that's like
that's like my entire life dude I just
buy stuff and let it sit yeah I think my
favorite thing to do I thought you I
thought you had just picked up on the
joy of wasteful spending the whole goal
of this was to do one podcast for a week
and then we haven't definitely not done
that at all why don't we just schedule a
date where we always make sure that
we're available for the podcast yeah we
always have something to talk about I
guess yeah we just talked about all
kinds of yeah yep that's it that's
what's been going on so that's it that's
it for life hangs yeah and then
December's gonna be pretty busy because
there's a lot of week Fest stuff going
on and then I mean had the holidays
obviously I kind of want to do it ugly
sweater party ugly Christmas sweater
party go ahead so there should be fun I
don't know worry where once we have
sweaters on but here I guess here yeah
oh okay yeah but then it's gonna be
kind of cold so I don't know what we're
gonna do but yeah so that's it thanks
for listening guys hope you stay
up-to-date on all the latest podcast
we're not doing it's kind of weird to
like include a podcast without nadeska
talking about
complex cons yeah I do that's like
that's like my favorite things now yeah
everyday struggle yeah listening to it
in the background yeah sometimes it
sounds really interesting I'll walk into
your office and watch it mm-hmm it is
it's a great show so maybe one day we'll
get to that level or we can do like a TV
show
probably not but they do it daily so I
don't even think we're gonna do a date
I'm down I'm nothing to do it every day
I wake up a little earlier I'm for a
couple hours into it and do it then we
would have to have like a crew to film
us and stuff so this looks weirder we're
just doing a TV show on a GoPro
that's like literally what you do though
yeah that's different though I don't
know just set it on top of your TV and
we'll just look at stay at the TV's the
ones who look more professional we're
gonna do a show and then we have to
build a set too anyways yeah that's long
term I don't know if we're gonna do that
we can't just do any office no man this
isn't like a TV set it has to
look like a TV a podcast on a TV
dinner table that's true yeah okay fine
okay yeah listen please the Holy on for
dear life here okay
you